feat(changelog): kubernetes-removed-test 2023-02-07 (#1280)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/february2023/2023-02-07-kubernetes-removed-flannel-weave.mdx

---

> title: Test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Container Network Interface (CNI) plugins Flannel and Weave are not supported any longer
```

> title: Container Network Interface (CNI) plugins Flannel and Weave are not supported any longer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Container Network Interface (CNI) plugins Flannel and Weave are no longer supported
```

status: removed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #k8s channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-02-07
category: compute
product: kubernetes
---

> From k8s version 1.25 onwards, all new clusters created in Scaleway Kubernetes will either be with cilium or `calico` as CNI. 

Reviewer: From k8s version 1.25 onwards, all new clusters created in Scaleway Kubernetes will either be with `cilium` or `calico` as CNI.

> From k8s version 1.25 onwards, all new clusters created in Scaleway Kubernetes will either be with cilium or `calico` as CNI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From k8s version 1.25 onwards, all new clusters created in Scaleway Kubernetes will either be with `cilium` or `calico` as CNI. 
```

> From k8s version 1.25 onwards, all new clusters created in Scaleway Kubernetes will either be with `cilium` or `calico` as CNI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From k8s version 1.25 onwards, all new clusters created in Scaleway Kubernetes will either be with `cilium` or `calico` as CNI.  
```

> To benefit from the newest minor versions, Scaleway recommends recreating clusters on one of the supported CNIs. Please find more details on our migration policies here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To benefit from the newest minor versions, Scaleway recommends recreating clusters on one of the supported CNIs. Please find more details on [our migration policies here](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/reference-content/version-support-policy/).```

> To benefit from the newest minor versions, Scaleway recommends recreating clusters on one of the supported CNIs. Please find more details on [our migration policies here](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/reference-content/version-support-policy/).```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To benefit from the newest minor versions, we recommend you recreate your clusters on one of the supported CNIs. Please find more details on [our migration policies here](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/reference-content/version-support-policy/).```
```
